[VSEE-1105] Update app-scanning docs (#2670)
pivotal/docs-tap: toc.hbs.md

            - [Troubleshooting Rego Files](scst-scan/troubleshoot-rego.hbs.md)
        - [Supply Chain Security Tools - Scan 2.0 (beta)](scst-scan/app-scanning-beta.hbs.md)
            - [Getting Started](scst-scan/getting-started.hbs.md)
                - [Installing SCST - Scan 2.0](scst-scan/install-app-scanning.hbs.md)

>                 - [Using App-Scanning in Supply Chains](scst-scan/integrate-app-scanning.hbs.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - [Using Scan 2.0 in Supply Chains](scst-scan/integrate-app-scanning.hbs.md)
```

>                 - [Using App-Scanning with other Scanners in Supply Chains](scst-scan/bring-your-own-scanner.hbs.md)

Reviewer: App-Scanning here isn't consistent with Scan 2.0 throughout the rest of the TOC.

Reviewer: Er.  Nevermind.  It is above too.

>                 - [Using App-Scanning with other Scanners in Supply Chains](scst-scan/bring-your-own-scanner.hbs.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - [Using Scan 2.0 with other Scanners in Supply Chains](scst-scan/bring-your-own-scanner.hbs.md)
```
